# Meetings

## Meeting Action Points
Date | Attendees | Action Points
--- | --- | ---
2nd May | Andre Ben | Discussed goals for iteration 2 and our focus on illustrating and improving our process.
4th May | Alex Andre Ben | Review progress of iteration 2, identified some risks, touched on git and how we will use git with the outcomes we have for this iteration. 
9th May | Andre Ben Eteroa| Discussed how we would track bugs and issues, Moving Planner user stories to github backlog items, how we would do Acceptance Tests for our user stories. Got Feedback from Harley have highlighted in backlog Iteration 1 feedback.
13th May |  Alex Andre Ben | We skyped in the evening and discussed the difficulties in the GridSquarePanel Class and how we can move forward to improve our UI.
14th May | Alex Andre Ben | We skyped again from 8-12, discussing documentation, GridSquarePanel, our retrospectives on iteration 2 and our plan for iteration 3.
16th May | Alex Andre Ben Ete| Today we had lab and we gathered together to discuss the  information for our documentation and we started to look over the plan and started working on our Iteration 3. 


## Team Programming
Date/Time | Time Spent | Did | Retro
---|---|---|---
16/05 9:00am | 1 Hour | Discussed how we would implement the Team programming. Set times for future team programming sessions. | Team agrees "that this should be great" -Ben.
